

The ability to detect the road   has become  an important thing in many applications in modern  Technology, such as
an autonomous car-maneuvering system that moves a vehicle to a parking spot to perform parallel,
 perpendicular, or angle parking  on the boundaries of the  road   


Advanced driver assistance systems, which either alert
the driver in dangerous situations or take an active
part in the driving,

so these systems  are gradually being inserted into
vehicles. 

Such systems are expected to grow more and
more complex towards full autonomy during the next
decade

Looking at other perspective, the role of
robots in our everyday activities is increasing. 

But the successful completion of a task by robot is highly
dependent on how effectively and accurately it can navigate
between source and destination. 

Today the trend is to make
the robot understand the environment along with the
navigation



so Road detection is one of the key issues of environment
understanding for intelligent vehicles.

To ensure this it becomes very 
critical to recognize road region and stay on the road boundaries.

Given a single image of an arbitrary road, that may
not be well-paved, or have clearly delineated edges, or some
a priori known color or texture distribution, is it possible for a
computer to find this road?

Road detection from images is a challenging task in computer vision

most of  hand-designed features are sensitive to the variety of circumstances 

affected by continuously changing backgrounds,
different road types (shape, colour), 
variable lighting conditions which might cause underexposure for image
occlusions 
and weather conditions

Broadly  speaking road detection methods are
characterized  into three categorize:
activity driven approach which benefits from the activity of the vehicle  along the roads,

 feature driven depends upon  extracted features  

and model driven that aim   to match road model to images
.
so we are intresteded in   activity driven and  model driven for structured roads


there are road features learned from deep convolutional networks ,
which ﬁt to training data but might not adapt to unseen scenarios. 
So, it is expected to automatically learn universal representations for road detection

 K-means clustering algorithm has been justiﬁed as a fast and effective method 
 in learning new representations.
 K-means learned features directly from image patches and demonstrated 
 su-perior performance in object recognition tasks over other unsupervised feature learning methods. 
 So, it is natural to apply K-means in our task to learn discriminative and robustroad features






 
